I really didn't expect my guest to be arrogant
Bingqing Yujie
Don't pay attention to the men in the world
In the end, it was cheaper for a waiter.
Come for a drink
That's him!
Should I take you to the hospital?
When you were a child
Do you often have bodyguards by your side?
What does it matter to you whether I'm with the bodyguards or not?
Have a drink.
Girl I finally found you
Do you remember when you were a child?
You used to
You helped a country boy who sold fruit?
What little boy is not little boy
You're drunk before you drink it. Drink it
So hot
Can you come and accompany me?
Do you think I'm beautiful?
Beautiful beautiful
Take it then.
Take it hard